Doctor
Words are unfounded
How can I trust you?
At that time, the old man dreamed
This is my minister
Ma Liang
Where is this place?
But what a pity!
Lord of State
Although you are sincere
But the Tao is different
You are for your own selfish desires
To pass on the millennial heritage of the entire country
Brazil as a child's play
I don't envy it.
It's a pity that I wanted to be with you
Share the joy of this Rakshasa Kingdom together
It seems that there is no fate after all
It's all right now.
I'm leaving now.
You are the 99th person to reject me in a thousand years
Sure enough, geniuses are always lonely
I want mediocrity to understand
It's just unpleasant for myself
That being the case
You're just like them.
Be the nourishment for the fertile soil of my Rakshasa Kingdom
Well, Lord Imperial Preceptor
I told you so.
Embarrassing the dead
What about these people?
They are all used to thinking they are right in Zhongzhou
Forget it, you deal with him
Ah, good control of this maid
I will send it to the mansion as a bed warmer later.